# CS230
cumulation of classwork for CS230 - intro to operating systems

For our client "The Gaming Room" we were tasked with developing a game application where players are shown an image and then asked to draw it from memory to then have other players guess what they drew. Rounds are quick and players have 30 seconds to draw their image. The application was not specified to be browser based, or application based- but it did need to be OS agnostic. 

When it came to developing the application I think my strong suit here was the early implementation of cloud computing. I have been interested in cloud computing since 2023 when I noticed that AWS was grabbing quite a large market share and may huge platforms were going to semi-cloud servers. Secondly I think I did a good job of respecting the client's wishes when it came to budget concerns. 

working through the design document was something for me that felt very familiar. I work with energy companies and iterations of design documents for replacing overhead transformers and conductors follows a very similar pattern. when tracking client requests it makes a lot of sense to document them as we would patch notes. 

If there was a section of the project i could revise, it might be a section we didn't touch on in the course that would normally go through the same process we did. for instance the building of the UI when it comes to desktop vs mobile users I think could be an interesting debate. But alas we only have so much time in the course. I'd also maybe revise my very first version of the design document. I think I actually went a little overboard with that and included too much info when we didn't have much from the client. I remember including a lot of speculation on what the client would want- it's a little pointless. 

I think when it came to interpret the user’s needs I took their requests totally literally. I think that when it comes to working with clients you are often walking a fine line between what the clients says they want and what they are actually expecting. For our work, we had to develop the app- so making sure that our app was cheap, stable and easy to use would be my primary concern. This is important to keep in mind when it comes to app development, or really any sort of client-based work. 

When it comes to software design I always am thinking about the saying "don't reinvent the wheel". There have been thousands of applications created today and absolutely brilliant developers creating new apps everyday. the beauty of software design is that by their nature programs are somewhat cannabalistic and can pieced into each other and replaced at will. All of this to say that we can use the brilliance of others and adapt their work to fit our own puzzles. Almost nothing will fit perfectly so it is important that we understand what we're working with still. In a team setting though this kind of modular-inspired design can move from a jog to a sprint. For our purposed i thought of other application that were similar to what we were making such as Jackbox. I imagined what a mobile version of jackbox might be like. 
